Rename plugin to Filetote (#23)
gtronset/beets-copyfileartifacts: README.md

## Thanks

> This plugin originally was forked from [copyartifacts3 (Adrian Sampson)] (no

Author: ```suggestion
This plugin originally was a fork from [copyartifacts3 (Adrian Sampson)] (no
```
